CEIT211 LAB HOMEWORK LAB 91.	A polynomial such as:can be represented as an array in which every element of the array is  a term of the polynomial. The index of the array element is the exponent of a term and the array element holds the coefficient.Construct a polynomial class which dynamically allocate an array for a polynomial of degree 5(maximum exponent).The class should include:•	a pointer to an array•	a constructor which creates an array elements dynamically for 6 elements•	an overloaded stream insertion operator >> to input array elements.•	a member function overloaded + operator (prefix) which will find and return the derivative of the polynomial	The derivative of a polynomial	is•	destructor to destroy the array•	print() member function to display the coefficientsWrite main function to create a polynomial and test the functions described above.2.	From a library, books can be borrowed by students and teachers. A student can borrow a book for 3 days and a teacher for 5 days. For every day exceeding the due day of a book, the student is expected to pay 2 YTL, and a teacher is required to pay 1 YTL. The system works on monthly basis. Develop  a C++ program composed of:	-Person class including		- name, day_borrowed  data members		- constructor to input the data members		- print member function to output the data members	- Student class derived from Person class including		- student id data member		- constructor to input the data members- calculate member function to output the amount to be paid if the due day is passed or how many days are left till the due day.- print member function to output the name, id and borrow day	- Teacher class derived from Person class including		- employee id data member		- constructor to input the data members- calculate member function to output the amount to be paid if the due day is passed or how many days are left till the due day.- print member function to output the name, employee id and borrow day-main function to input a character (S for student, T for teacher) and according to the character read, create the required object dynamically. For the object created, output the amount to be paid if the borrow day is exceeded or the number of days left till the due day.